this is where i'll be putting all my dragon blurbs

        conventional:
            percy
            quincy
            storm
            earthy
            snapper
            alphys

                    subtypes:
                        heavy
                        light



        unconventional:
            undyne
            fern
            queen
            wings
            leviathan
            guides

                    subtypes:
                        aquatic (guides technically fall under this, like  asubtype subtype. they "split off" of aquatic types, so to speak)
                        non-aquiatic

                    

should i do individual pages on each subtype of dragon, or should i just do conventional and unconventional and have all the subtypes there
it'll be the second. two pages for conventional and unconventional. also do individual blurb for each type type of dragon, so i can have a random dragon on the main page
oh also if scene images are available, use those for the "main" image

percy and quincy:
    probably the most conventional of dragons. use quincy for the "main" image
    light

storm:
    make a disclaimer that the specimen pictured has had both wings amputated?
    light

snapper:
    sturdy, flightless. 
    heavy

alphys:
    builds up static electricity and can eject it as an elemental attack. capable of flight
    heavy

undyne:
    aquatic. can also walk on land, technically semi-aquatic as their limbs are adapted enough to efficiently walk on land. this specimen seems to be missing an eye.

fern:
    pair of arms, forelegs, hindlegs, and wings. large, but capable of flight.
    non-aquatic

queen:
    small, wings are diaphanous rather like insect wings. this particular specimen seems to enjoy interacting with human researchers.
    non-aquatic

wings:
    two pairs of wings rather than one. powerful flyer, but not fast.
    non-aquatic

leviathan:
    aquatic, can float in the air. does not like to walk on land. three pairs of legs, no wings.

guides:
    technically aquatic, but this sepecies is now wholly adapted to living in the air. shares a common ancestor with leviathan type dragons.

